update readme (#4)
trellisconnect/savvy-sdk-docs: README.md

      // OPTIONAL: Your Trellis Client ID. Required if you intend to collect end-user PII.
      trellisClientId: API_CLIENT_ID,

      // OPTIONAL:
      // - Set the experience to 'connect' if you want to prevent Savvy SDK from displaying
      //   results (e.g. if you intend to use Savvy API to render the results natively).
      // - Set the experience to 'direct-login' if you want to skip the intermediary login interview questions
      // - Otherwise, leave undefined.

>       experience: undefined | 'connect' | 'direct-login',

Reviewer: @drewbolles No way, Jose. 1) What is the client wants BOTH "connect" and "direct-login"? These are not mutually exclusive, so they should not be on the same field. 2) Let's have code examples that are copy-pastable. I.e. the allowed values should be in the JS comment and not in the code.

Author: I added a new boolean field for this configuration property

      // OPTIONAL: Your Trellis Client ID. Required if you intend to collect end-user PII.
      trellisClientId: API_CLIENT_ID,

      // OPTIONAL: Set the experience to 'connect' if you want to prevent Savvy SDK from displaying
      // results (e.g. if you intend to use Savvy API to render the results natively).
      // Otherwise, leave undefined.
      experience: undefined,

>       // OPTIONAL: Set this value to true if you would like to skip the intermediary login interview questions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // OPTIONAL: Set true to skip qualification questions (e.g. "Do you remember your login?") prior to the credentials page.
```

>       directLogin: false,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      skipQualificationQuestions: false,
```
